The way we think, could be a result of all these years of conditioning by the environment, or an inherent part of our character. Although, it does seem that the environment and our unique set of experiences eventually shape what we become. For instance, in the US, people are more work-oriented. Likewise, the employers strive to keep the employees happy while doing work. In Inda, too much emphasis is based on relations with people. Is that the reason for existence ... Interaction? Or is it creation? 
Lets analyse each of the two separately. Interaction is an exchange. Of information and thoughts. The receiving end in an interaction has to percieve. Perception involves taking in information, analyzing it, and then forming an opinion about it. This task is often diluted because of a number of factors that come in the way. Some of which are ego, image, what you are portraying and what you want to portray. As a result of this process, the purity of the information and hence the interaction cannot be maintained in most exchanges. Hence, the motive behind the interaction is rarely achieved. A sufficiently large percentage of all interactions end inconclusively. Surely, inconclusive interactions are of no use. Unless, the interaction triggers a thought process in one or both of the participants' minds and they chose to act upon it, which leads to some valuable creation.
Creation is the process of evolution of an idea or component into an entity, which is more often than not, of higher value than each of its individual components. The appreciation of creation must be absolute. More specifically, the 'I' should be absolved from the appreciation or perception of the creation. For instance, if the creator has some affinity towards the creation, then such an appraisal would be of no value. A prejudice towards the creation would lead to an impure appraisal. Assuming that the purpose of all appraisal is to better the quality of the creation, such an impure appraisal would be of no use, and most often, misleading. 
Now that both, interaction and creation have been analyzed to some extent, we probably are in a better position to chose or discard one or both. An obvious path to take is to analyse what could come out of each of the two. Interaction could be undertaken to be more comfortable with the other person as well as with ourselves. This seems fine to do. Interactions could lead to ego clashes. Must be aborted immediately. Interactions could lead to exchange of valuable information. This seems a must. Hence, if people are valued from a value point of view, and interactions are carried out likewise, this could eventually lead to a sustainable existence. Interactions undertaken on the basis of emotions and ego should be completely avoided. Interactions for entertainment must be limited by time and need. 
Creation is not for fulfilling the ego. It is the reason for our existence. We are here to create value.  

Stop trying to do it, and do it.
What are you waiting for! You are faster than this. 
Don't think you are. Know you are.
Let it all go. Fear. Doubt. Disbelief. 
Free your mind.  

Interactions:
- Recreational
- Information exchanges
- ego clashes
- emotional exchanges

While undertaking each of the above interactions, question the need for it first. Recreational interactions could be because of social obligations or for relaxations. If they are for social obligations, limit the time. If for relaxation, question the need for relaxation. If it seems essential, go ahead. Avoid emotional exchanges completely. If the source of informative interactions seems legit, go ahead. Else, cut short. Ego clashes generally occur later in the interactions. Keep an eye out for this transition in the interaction, and get out of it as soon as it occurs. 

View creation as the ultimate. Its not a means to an end, but an end in itself. Appraisal of the creation should be done without prejudice. With ruthless honesty. Absolve the self from all appraisals. There is no importance to the existence of any humankind. Only to creation that comes from it.  

(!) Medsonway:
Health monitoring devices will be available for personal use in the near future. These would enable patients to measure certain vital paramaeters of the body at home. Currently, the BP measuring device has become ubiquitous in homes. The process of being checked by a doctor will be done only in certain cases, such as emergency, or for parameters that cannot be measured personally at home. 
The idea is to make medsonway a one stop site for all health related issues. So you could put in your measured parameters and symptoms on your account information, and generate a preliminary report for the doctor to see. In most cases, all he would need to do is verify the reports, and prescribe medication, or schedule an appointment with you. Those prescriptions would ofcourse be routed to medsonway through your account. Thus, having health online. This level of personal healthcare devices to reach the Indian market would ofcourse take time, but building the infra about online analysis and approval from doctors would take time. This is ofcourse, the next logical step in getting health online. 
